# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION – Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2020-12-14, 1pm CT
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei?authuser=0

## Purpose
Engineering team gets in synch on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Backlog grooming
    * Sprint Review
    * Individual Issue Items

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up – you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.
- xmunoz
- Cecilia
- Jason
-Mithuna
- Andrew
- James

## Notes
    * Good News
    - I'm going to be a huge Jerk and visit a hotspring this weekend. It's within 150 miles of my home, and open with a limited capacity + other sanitary restrictions. I miss saunas :(
    - My pantry looks much better. Could have done more if I didn't get this sick.
    - Tiny dusting of snow is very pretty outside.  One of my cousins had a baby on Friday and another one is having a baby RIGHT NOW- 2 christmas miracles 
    - Got to go to a new (to me) city park with roaming peacocks and nice trails<3
    - It's sunny today!
    - VACCINE
    
    * Planning around holidays
      - most of the Permanent crew will be unavailable the week between Christmas & New Year's
			- James will be around-ish during xmas week, goal is to have all OTS deliverables done by xmas.  We probably won't write a full report about the work OTS did.  We have the spreadsheet, the tickets, our proposals, and those combine to tell a pretty complete story of our work and what's next.  Still, we commit to getting CK what she needs to understand all that happened, and if that looks like a report of some kind, we'll do one.  Cristina says she's done with her contracted deliverables except a couple security issues.  She ran the load test today and it ran w ZERO ERRORS.
			- Cristina will generally be around/available
			- Jason will generally be around/available
    * Grooming
		- Jerry's tickets
		- Old in progress tickets
		- Old open tickets
		- Tickets related to the soon-to-be-deprecated uploader
		- Created https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8126
		- Cristina asked CK whether we should move Permanent code out of the OTS github and into Permanent's.  We decided not to but OTS agreed to facilitate a future move if Permanent decides it wants it.
    
    * Sprint Review (add your notes)
	   Cecilia : Clean up the pledge code so she can learn more code 
		Cristina: Vault/encryption clean up, security work, removing existing buggy error logging code, offboarding
		Mithuna/Jason: Uploader git surgery
		
		 
    
    * OKRs / high-level goals:
        MDot open sourcing this week!
        
    * Individual issues
    Andrew did ask mobile dev team about switching to new upload architecture after this friday.Jason,Cristina and Andrew will connect 
    Priority of offboarding Dan? Not super urgent. Offboarding can happen for all of OTS at once, between Christmas and New Years.
    Wordpress blog spinner- not a big priority
