# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION – Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2020-10-26, 1pm CT
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei?authuser=0

## Purpose
Engineering team gets in synch on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up – you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.

    * Jason
    * Dan
    * xmunoz
    * Mithuna : 
    * Andrew

## Notes
    
    * Good news
        * Jason VOTED!
        * Dan drank some pumpkins spice and played Among Us!
        * Cristina's state hasn't burned down completely!
        * Andrew fancy BBQ'd!
        * Mithuna took her plants for a walk! THEY NOW HAVE FULL DOMINION OF THE PATIO!
        * James reformatted his 3d printer and is ready to set up an etsy shop!

    * Discussion of individual issues
        * Dan
            * PR (finally) finished for the upload service
            * Interviews this week
            * Next step: incorporate upload service into dev, work with Jason and Mithuna on the PHP and mdot.
        * Jason
            * Continue reviews! Dan's upload-service PR, Cristina's infra work
            * Working on upload integration work this week!  (sorry jason I was typing my updates and missed your first half)
        * Cristina
            * Causes of performance issues in the code base (it's the sleeps)
            * Testing Dev
            * Moving infra to github
            * Implementing auto-scaler on staging
            * SSH access to prod required
        * Andrew
            * Theirstory SDK - some small tweaks required to support their usage
                * PR reviews required - Jason volunteered!
                * PHP changed required, as well as a new access role (Archive Manager)
        * Mithuna
            * 7611 finished ("user should be able to signup without an invite code"), with help from Jason
            * Tech Director interviews
            * New endpoint for Uploader
            * Metadata research
    * Additional topics
        * Group testing of dev
        * Slackbot integration - is this still useful?
            * We're completely changing how deployments work
        * Environment variables
