# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION – Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2021-12-20, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs

# Previously, on sprint planning...
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2021-12-13-sprint-planning.txt

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up – you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.
	* Natalie
	* Mithuna
	* Dan
	* Cecilia
	* Jason
	* Fenn

## Good News
	* Dan: I defeated all odds and created HOME MADE GINGERBERAD HOUSES able to withstand the decorating impact of four small children https://twitter.com/slifty/status/1472728419540606978 :clap
		* My cousin made this: http://www.snipsentwined.com/blog/2015/12/26/final-reveal
			* ^ amazing
	* Cecilia: My husband returns from his business trip tonight, phew
	* Mithuna: I survived this weekend.
	* Am vaccinated
	* Natalie: I made sushi for the first time this weekend and it wasn't a disaster <-- I somehow never considered this as a thing that could be... done!!!!
		* In the "arranging" school of cooking I like this a lot: https://www.101cookbooks.com/archives/wintery-spring-rolls-recipe.html

## Open PRs
    * https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3Apermanentorg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3Apermanentorg%2Fpermanent-ios+
	    Firebase dependabot PR is blocked on Cecilia fixing firebase in lower level environments

## Jira
	* https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
	* Cecilia: underestimated the FusionAuth theming work
	* Cecilia to ask Robert about Bitwarden for Fon
	* Dan: done with "making determination," going to make new issues in the GitHub repo for the new SFTP service
		* What's the process around code review?  For the initial setup no need for formal review, but Dan will call out any nonstandard approaches and open PRs so we have them.
	* Fon: local environment issues
	* Jason: Tasks weren't captured by the current stories (but that doesn't meant they're not super important!!!!)
	* Mithuna: how to stop taskrunner 
	* Natalie: writing tests for manage tags in Jest!  Huzzah

## Notes
(idk where this fits in the agenda but I had a point that came up from my friends when I asked around re the functional vs OO API)
	* "OO feels nicer"
	* tree-shaking: nice to only put in what you need (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Tree_shaking)
	* Firebase just rewrote everything from OO (v8) to functional (v9)
	* OO: better for client validation (i.e. can't move a record to a folder in a different archive)
	* Natalie points out that we don't have to be purists here!  Can have objects without being fully OO
		* Dan: auth in particular might be a good candidate for being handled through a more complex object / passed around to functions.
	* Cecilia will schedule a meeting to create a design doc in early January

Duplicates:
	* How we do we manage deleted files?
		* We don't get rid of deleted files from the database or cloud storage, but we want to
		* Multistep process:
			0.0.1. Update code to hard delete files that are newly deleted
			0.0.2. Write and run script to hard delete previously deleted files
			0.0.3. Update code to hard delete folders that are newly deleted
			0.0.4. Write and run script to hard delete previously deleted folders
		* Open question: how long a lag time between user clicking delete and things getting deleted? Probably want at least a little slack, eg enough time to schedule and run a task; might need more, and will talk to Kaitlyn tomorrow
	* This is related because of uniqueness - it would be confusing for people to have filenames like 'File (3)' because they previously had 'File (1)' and 'File (2)'
	* In the meantime, can prepend a unique ID to the download_filename column (for deleted items) to ensure thereare no violations of the uniqueness constraint when a file exists, hidden, in a deleted state. <-- note that if, by policy, we want to add a "grace period" for deleted files that allows them to exist for "X hours" after deletion / allow for undo, then we might consider having this be something we do long term as well.
		* "in the trash"

## Deployments
	* What's ready?  Small things only please.
		* https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Amerged+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+sort%3Aupdated-desc
		* If Natalie finishes some small things she will deploy on Weds
		* Question about changing the big files (Mithuna has an open PR) - would need to be run manually in each environment
	* Who's deploying?
		* Natalie will lead and Mithuna run her script if we're doing it

## Notes for next week
Enjoy the calm!

