# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION – Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2021-08-02, 11:15am CT
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei

## Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs

## Previously, on sprint planning...
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2021-07-26-midsprint-planning.txt

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up – you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.
	* Natalie
	* Jason
	* Mithuna


## Notes

* Good News
	* Bought plane tickets!
	* Same here.
	* Going on a group bicycle ride on Thursday with a friend

* Open PRs
	* GitHub: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg
	* BitBucket: https://bitbucket.org/dashboard/pullrequests?section=all&workspace=permanent-org
		* back-end#86: Jason will do
		* back-end#78: Mithuna will do
	* Jira board: https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER
		* Jason to add more issues on auth to this sprint
		* Mithuna to add follow-up issue to 8438 for Sentry on download-service 
		* 8399 - is a folder_linkId unique? probably not
			* if you need more information in the initial call, then we can add that on the back-end
		* 8198 - Natalie to convert to epic & stories, rather than story & subtasks
	* Blockers:
		* 8426 - new relic on back-end
		* 8399 - Natalie will do more research, but might need help figuring out what the correct caching key is
		* 7963 - Natalie to rewrite issue to be completable and to include the current plan
		* 8300 - Mithuna to convert from story & subtasks to epic & stories

* Projects
	* acct-archive sep
		* Jason is working on an API endpoint
		* Natalie is working on prototyping the page
		* more work schedule for next sprint
		* Jason to talk with Robert about prioritization
	* New Relic

* Deployments
https://permanent.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/13303819/Deployment+Process
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/wiki/Releases
	* Last week:
	* What is going out this week?
		* Ready now:
			* back-end#75 (with manual database migration in docker#23, which was applied in dev but not staging or prod)
		* Planned this week: 
			* 8256 instance types
			* 8385 new invitations endpoint for acct/archive sep
			* Some of Natalie's smaller things (and hopefully 8399)
	* Who is deploying this week?
		* Recently: Natalie
		* This week: Jason

