# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION â€“ Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2021-07-26, 11:15am CT
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei

## Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs

## Previously, on sprint planning...
https://pad.riseup.net/p/2021-07-19-sprint-planning

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up â€“ you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.
	* Natalie
	* Jason
	* Mithuna

## Notes

* Good News
	* A perfect baby shower. ðŸŽ‰ðŸ‘¶ðŸŽ‰
	* Had a family dinner with my mom & brother & his wife
	* Managed to work on weekend projects (like I said I wanted to in demos)

* Open PRs
	* GitHub: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg
		* Jason to test web-app#37
	* BitBucket: https://bitbucket.org/dashboard/pullrequests?section=all&workspace=permanent-org
		* #78 Mithuna will do
		* #75
		* #86 Jason will look at that. May ask Mithuna to review 
		* #72 Mithuna will do this High Pri
		* 
	* Jira board: https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER
	* Blockers:
		* Jason to review download design doc

* Projects
	* Let's talk about diagnosing back-end errors; Jason will schedule a call on Wednesday for Mithuna to lead

* Deployments
https://permanent.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/13303819/Deployment+Process
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/wiki/Releases
	* Last week: duplicate tag-links, copy tags, IA dialog box
	* What is going out this week?
		* Ready now:
		* Planned this week: back-end#72, back-end#75, web-app#37, back-end#78
	* Who is deploying this week?
		* Recently: Jason
		* This week: Natalie

