# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION â€“ Permanent.org
Sprint Planning 2021-05-10, 11am CT 
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei

## Purpose:
Engineering team gets in synch on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcome: 
* Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
* Share any good news ya' got!
* Sprint Review
* Open PRs
* Individual Issue Items


## Roll Call
	* Jason
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie

## Good news
	* RC is doing well!
	* Restaurant date on Friday o.O
	* Went out shopping AT the store this weekend

## Notes
	* Tickets
		* Cecilia assigned several to Natalie, but doesn't expect all of them to get done
		* Relevant reading: https://permanent.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/1187938307/Permissions
	* Notifications
		* https://pad.riseup.net/p/2021-05-10-notifications-status
		* Logging PRs in infra, upload, and notification-service (need review from Cecilia)
		* Jason will update https://github.com/PermanentOrg/notification-service/pull/31 to include sending context to FCM
			* Possibly also add some tests
		* Cecilia to start with PR review and stand by for whatever Jason needs
		* Ideally do dev and staging deploys today
		* Hold off on back-end#38, at least for today
		* Cecilia to review planned notification types and verify what we're actually sending emails for (vs what we thought we wanted to be sending emails for)


### Open PRs
GitHub: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+


BitBucket: https://bitbucket.org/dashboard/pullrequests?section=all&workspace=permanent-org

### (Other) Priorities
	* Reimaging for better logging and prod state for microservices will also allow us to do backend #36
	* Database fix for tag uniqueness should go out this week
	* GFTW continued
	* Data update for a user - Cecilia has a meeting tomorrow
	* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8335
