# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION â€“ Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2021-07-06, 11:15am CT
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei

## Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs

## Previously, on sprint planning...
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2021-06-29-midsprint-planning.txt

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up â€“ you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.
	* Mithuna
	* Jason
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie

## Notes

* Good News
	* Got a tenant for our old home.
	* Got to go to a few birthday partiesðŸŽŠ
	* 4th of July socializing was fun!
	* Got to see fireworks this weekend

* Open PRs
	* GitHub: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg
		* Jason will look at #33
		* Cecilia will look at #36
			* Unclear on QA status with Kaitlyn; ok for now and iterate later?
		* Jason will look at #26
	* BitBucket: https://bitbucket.org/dashboard/pullrequests?section=all&workspace=permanent-org
		* Mithuna will look at #72
	* Jira board: https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER
		* Cecilia:
			* learned some things about how we do time zones :)
			* got lightsail into production!
		* Jason did a lot of unticketed works this sprint
			* so many meetings
			* code review
			* automated docker builds to unblock local tags work
			* set up lightsail in staging
			* made some progress on removing Permanent API keys
		* Mithuna
			* Investigated B2
			* Made progress on local tags
		* Natalie
			* FamilySearch help text
			* Inline donation flow
		* Blockers:
			* Natalie: waiting on creds from Robert, will make punchlist for Stripe API key rotation,
			* Mithuna: data migration (8340)
			* Jason: just time
			* Cecilia: firebase deploy - hand off to Jason; default archive - cross-team and hand off to Kaitlyn/Natalie

* Projects
	* Account/archive separation - merge some part of this?
		* Would like to merge PER-8384 ( but would require making account.defaultArchiveId nullable in all environments
		* Goal would be to merge this ASAP (PR could be open today if the team wants this to go in) in order to minimize long-lived branches
	* Backblaze B2
		* Mithuna to choose a file and determine how to find it in Backblaze.  Could be a new ticket or a continuation of this one depending on how she wants to organize it
	* Stripe API keys
		* See above, need the punchlist / order of operations
	* Mobile app
		* Rushing leads to worse results
		* Mobile team has more work to do
		* Thomas is a good partner on this; will write user-facing instructions
		* Mobile team need to provide public links; Amberly will test instructions Thomas writes and then T will push out communications to members
	* Q3
		* Objective 1 is engineering-supported
		* Objective 2:
			* Deployment to be discussed below
			* Jason will talk to Robert about New Relic and make tickets
			* Auth
		* Objective 3:
			* Download service - Mithuna to schedule time to plan/discuss with Jason
		* Projects and roadmap tab!
			* Each person should have 1-3 projects related to OKRs
			* Jason: auth and performance
			* Mithuna: download service
			* Natalie: separating account/archive (for KR 1.1)

* Deployments
https://permanent.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/13303819/Deployment+Process
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/wiki/Releases
	* Last week: fixing our broken deployment process
	* What is going out this week?
		* Ready now:
			* Database: need to make tag change, want to do serious tag testing in staging first
				* Jason will ask Thomas for help testing tags in staging
			* A bunch of stuff in staging but not prod: local tags (behind a feature flag), Stripe test API key change, invitation code, inline donation flow, delete archive wording, familysearch text update...?
		* Planned this week:
			* public download button, after the above deployment
		* Who is deploying this week?
			* Recently: Jason (sort of)
			* This week: Jason to wrap up (Weds), Natalie to do the public download button deployment (Thurs)
