# PERMANENT LEGACY FOUNDATION – Permanent.org
Sprint Planning
2021-06-29, 11:15am CT
Hosted on Google Meet at https://meet.google.com/fsy-jfyd-qei?authuser=0

## Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

## Outcomes
    * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

## Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs
--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

## Roll Call
Add your name, role, location and prefered contact or social info for follow-up – you can select/change your color in the participants dropdown menu at the top right corner.
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* Jason
	* Mithuna

## Notes

* Good News
	* Nainika attended her first in person class.
	* I look forward to sleeping in my own bed tonight
	* It is somehow not as hot here
	* Saw a friend from out of town

* Open PRs
	* GitHub: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+
		* Natalie will get back to web-app #33 after working on download from public
	* BitBucket: https://bitbucket.org/dashboard/pullrequests?section=all&workspace=permanent-org
		* Mithuna will add a feature flag for back-end #58
		* Mithuna will do more testing on back-end #69
		* Jason to test back-end #71 (migration tool)
	* Jira board: https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER
		* Cecilia
			* 8353 - still uncertain how to check whether this worked or not
			* 7904: won't fix may be.
			* 8405: will do today
			* 8384,8385,8386: all archive seperation work. Excited to do it this week.
		* Jason
			* Auth research in progress; still need to split out issues on epic
			* 8218,8219: Now website is deployed unblocked on wordpress issues.
		* Mithuna
			* 3 jiras in PR
			* 8340: need some discussion on tag migration
			* 8354: Blocked by PR to work on editable tags
			* 8297, 8330: Plaaning to finish it this week.
		* Natalie
			* Stripe API key rotation is in progress - Natalie will write up a process doc for this so we can discuss in channel
			* Download from public works.  One file was causing trouble, Natalie will see whether she can find out why.
			* Angular assets are still mysterious!

* Projects
	* Migration for tags
		* I can write 2 queries for folder and records seperately
		* Should we use
		* Mithuna will add new entries for each of the tag-archive matches in `tag` table
		* Also need to update the `tag_link` table
	* Availability

* Deployments
	* What is going out this week?
		* Ready now:
			* Stripe bug - API key with quote in GitHub secrets; only deployed to dev so far
			* Invitation code
		* Planned this week:
			* Possibly the Stripe API keys? Let's do this separately, though
			* Wording change on deletion
			* Feature flag for tag changes
	* Who is deploying this week?
		* Recently:
		* This week: Jason

* Jason availability
	* starting at 10 Central, but would prefer not to schedule meetings before 11 Central
