Permanent.org
July 15, 2021

Invited: Jason, Mithuna, Natalie

Purpose: make sure the engineers know what's going into the next sprint, and that everything is ready to be worked on

https://permanent.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3&projectKey=PER&view=planning.nodetail&issueLimit=100

Individual issues to discuss:
	* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8399
	* Selected Sentry errors
		* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8434
			* https://sentry.io/organizations/permanentorg/issues/2108995172/?project=3663562&referrer=jira_integration
			* Estimate at 5 story points
		* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8435
			* Estimate at 5 story points
	* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8421
		* Natalie to convert to epic and split out substories: set up eslint with no rules, run in CI, and either configure minimal rules or figure out how to only lint changes in CI

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZKsUfDN-0gHd2lsHsZQQanyXt7vLeLCHy8VoWgHI1d0/edit#gid=1272208490

Roadmap items
	* Download Service
		* Mithuna created a design doc; Jason to review
			* https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BrXofqS0M1CgfY8Ndl0piJx_qSdSWcq_5-T-VnOk7oE/edit
		* Create a new service for download
			* Mithuna and Jason to pair
			* Mithuna to create Jira
		* Research on how to attach metadata to file
			* Mithuna talked with Kaitlyn & Amberly, who suggested lots of related reading
	* Improve deployments
		* nothing scheduled here, aside from ongoing work of deploying work as it is finished
	* Improve performance - wire up New Relic
		* involves secrets, so somewhat risky
		* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8426
			* Mithuna will try to get it done first week of sprint, or else Jason will do second week
		* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8427
			* Natalie will do
	* Auth for microservices and third parties
		* Jason to create Jira issues
		* Jason to review Karl's research
		* Jason to talk with Dean contact about auth
		* Continue to remove Permanent API keys
