Sprint Planning
2022-09-06, 1:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot Meet today: meet.google.com/qxz-kbcv-smt

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-08-29-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Dan
	* Liam
	* Natalie
	* Fon

## Good News
	* Cecilia: lots of lake adventures over the long weekend. And the fair!Great!
	* Dan
		* We got a new roof and solar panels last week!
			* But... the new roof leaked like crazy during today's storm lllllllllllllllllllllllllllol
		* The kids are really enjoying a new board game: Ticket to Ride, First Trip
	* Liam placed 8th of 29 in a Magic: The Gathering prerelease event. Also played a fun alien-themed escape room
	* Natalie: had a relaxing weekend and went on another long bike ride
	* Fon: Caught up with some old friends :)

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	1. Handling invalid download names: Had a some test fail blockers.... 
		* The first one is/was caused by paths slashed off from incoming file names... Issue documented here : https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/283#issuecomment-1235026005
		* Second test fail due getDisplayName sometimes returning names with "./" (current dir symbol) prepended which causes the normalizer to replace the "/" and lead to incorrect download names.
		* Investigating the last test fail, don't know if it's directly related to the new changes yet.
	1.  Would be happy to meet with Cecilia today to test the download name "script" againts dev environment
		1.1. I can meet tomorrow (Wednesday)Works!
	2. Deletions : Still digging into file invalidation
		2.1. I (Cecilia) will talk to Karl and Robert about this


## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Hurray for Angular upgrade!
	* SFTP, rclone, and 2FA
		* Option 1: Silently ignore whether the user has 2FA or not and just let them use SFTP with rclone via a FusionAuth configuration (we find this to be misleading)
		* Option 2: Instruct people to turn off 2FA for the period of time that they want to use rclone, then turn it back on (needs changes so that users can manage their own 2FA: styling in FA and front-end Permanent changes)
		* Option 3: Have an "enable rclone" switch that does the same thing as Option 1 but is more clearly communicated (needs front-end changes)
		* Long Term Soution: Fix rclone's implementation (this sounds unreasonable but it's not actually too far a stretch)
	* Share modals
	* Database new plan (maybe waiting on Liam's changes)

## Deployment
	* Cecilia didn't do this last week so will plan to do it during the Wednesday window

