Sprint Planning                          
2022-01-31, 3pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot                          

# Purpose 
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status                         

# Outcomes
* Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work                          

# Process (Agenda)
	*  Share any good news ya' got!
	*  Individual Issue Items
	*  Open PRs
	*  Deployments
  
## Roll Call
	* Jason
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* Dan
	* Mithuna
	* Fenn


## Good News
	* Cecilia: nice weather here! Is it sunny today?
	* Mithuna: Watched a movie in Theaters after almost 2 years. 
		* omg I am so jealous
	* Natalie: played a video game all weekend
		* Natalie what game -- My friends and I tried to game last night and got sad about how few options we felt we have for just like... gaming as a group.  (We ended up playing Don't Starve Together again but are really looking for some new things!)
			* Pokemon Legends Arceus
	* Dan: I just signed a contract to get SOLAR!!!!  I think it's going to cost me negative dollars?  I don't know how things work. nice
	* Fenn : Getting a comprehensive general healthcheck tomorrow! :) 
		* wooo! It's like the closest IRL equivalent of a fresh OS install.
		* good to keep up with your health. 
	* Jason: I guess in that theme, I have a dentist appointment on Friday
	* 

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues

## Notes
Rclone!
	* Dan and Fon are working independently
	* Dan caught Kavya up on SFTP progress.  K will own auth (https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues/15).  
		* Implementation will involve the SDK side as well.  Won't block on publishing the new SDK.  Jason will meet with Kavya re auth.
		* See etherpad from Dan and Natalie's meeting: 
			* https://pad.opentechstrategies.com/p/permanent-sdk-thoughts (thanks!)
	* Kavya will be owning the AUTHENTICATE command in SSH:
		* https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues/15
		* Cecilia will introduce Jason and Kavya with Dan cc'd
	* Dan will be owning these two SFTP commands:
		* OPENDIR: https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues/17
		* REALPATH: https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues/16
	* Fon: new draft for deletion (link?)
		* Writing a markdown document about duplicate names strategy in SFTP repo so that we have a source of truth (top priority)
		* Working on deletion
	* Dan will write up SFTP installation with instructions and dockerfile

## Deployments
Tuesday: 
	* manage tags part one (for owners): GROUP DEPLOY
		* database and code changes
		* feature flag in higher environments (need a PR for this; Mithuna)
	* large pdf script
		* Mithuna will run a test in dev today

Wednesday:
	* Run the large pdf script
	* Add managers to manage tag page (PR?) https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/blob/4e40da0521508e08dacd7ab32c15534f5a497c39/library/base/constants/base.constants.php#L381

Thursday:
	* Ideally https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/15, without front end changes (should be no user-visible change)
	* Rebuild images for Jason's SSH key!

