Sprint Planning
2022-05-09, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/permanent-2022-05-02-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Jason
	* Natalie
	* Cecilia
	* Mithuna
	* Dan
	* Fenn

## Good News
	* Dan: new baby incoming!CongratscongratsðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ ðŸ‘¶
		* !!!! eeeee!
	* Cecilia: rhodendron and daffodils are blooming
	* Mithuna: Nice mother's day lunch by hubby and today is our anniversary. 
		* happy anniversary!happy anniversaryðŸŽ‰
	* Jason: reunion week
	* Natalie: 
		* "j-pop accordion band"
	* Fenn: Peaceful weekend, calm start of week

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* Cecilia to make a dependabot ticket for herself
		* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8828 reassigned to Cecilia
	* Add video to the HVEC ticket



## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Jason moving to rclone WELCOME TO THE CLUB!  We'll have to figure out some kind of induction ceremony.
	* Carryover from last week:
		* Debian upgrade
			* On Dan's plan for this week <-- so this is on my plate for the next 24h after my disasterous week last week -- where is this issue though, I was trying to find it this afternoon when getting my ducks in a row?
				* Is it: https://github.com/PermanentOrg/infrastructure/issues/75
					* yes, there's also a Jira that's the one thank you
						* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8824
			* Note php 7.3 -> 7.4 is part of this
		* "fix as we touch" changes for back-end - docs / PR template
			* On Dan's plan for this week
			* Doing right now!
		* Sentry error policy proposal
			* Cecilia will carry this over another week
	* GitHub owners:
		* Teams has better permission levels.  Can do "maintainers" for most of us and owner for just Cecilia and Robert (likely).
	* GitHub community files
		* Can keep a central CONTRIBUTING.md and add repo-specific versions that link back to here
		* Funding option
		* TODO: Cecilia to move CoC and CONTRIBUTING.md to this central location
	* my etherpad color is *so vibrant*just like you lol awwww

# Deployment
	* Cecilia will do on Wednesday
