Sprint Planning
2022-08-22, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-08-15-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Liam
	* Natalie
	* Cecilia
	* Fon

## Good News
	* Cecilia saw a good play: https://www.guthrietheater.org/shows-and-tickets/2021-2022-season/emma/
	* Liam got to go sailing yesterday
	* Natalie worked on personal website over the weekend
	* Fon: I went to my old city... Hihi

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Great job on this sprint that's concluding!
	* Deprioritizing public gallery fixes, per Robert
	* Discuss database timeline
		* Liam thinks dev RDS instance will be ready today \o/
		* Then once tests run on psql in CI/on deploy we could go to Postgres on dev, wow
		* Migrating dev this week could happen!
	* We discussed PER-8969 as a good front-end ticket for Liam, I believe (but could have been PER-8966?)
	* rclone update
		* Working on deletion (hiding? invalidating?) thumbnails from CloudFront on deletion
		* Then will write scripts for filling in old download name

## Deployment
	* Liam will do, probably on Wednesday (but will keep an eye out in case the experience team schedules a demo during the Weds deploy window)
