Sprint Planning
2022-05-23, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/permanent-2022-05-02-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Jason
	* Natalie
	* Mithuna
	* Fon
	* Liam

## Good News
	* Cecilia: Got a family photo for the first time in a while
	* Jason: got out on my bike during some beautiful weather yesterday
	* Mithuna: Went for a walk in the park. 
	* Natalie: I bought my second accordion (it is not here yet) yay
	* Fon: Tried making a video where I acted multiple roles myself, my friends like it lol.
	* Liam: Constructed some tabards; successfully used facings for the first time https://madetosew.com/what-is-a-facing/

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Two things this sprint: database upgrade and donations deployment
	* All hands on deck for database upgrade
		* Reviews first thing
		* Natalie's banner work
			* The rigid layout of our app makes this really hard!
			* Note that Natalie had to do some slightly unfortunate CSS mods to make this work
	* Donations: split up and deploy
		* Then followup work ASAP
		* Natalie: pairing/help?
	* Natalie to make new ticket on vis-timeline dependabot

# Deployment
        * Mithuna! will do on Wednesday
        
        
