Sprint Planning                          
2022-02-14, 3pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose 
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status                         

# Outcomes
* Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work                          

# Process (Agenda)
    *  Share any good news ya' got!
    *  Individual Issue Items
    *  Open PRs
    *  Deployments
  
## Roll Call
	* Jason
	* Natalie
	* Dan
	* Fenn
	* Mithuna
	* Cecilia

## Good News
	* Jason: I watched the Eternals movie
	* Dan: Valentines day!  Our 6 year old wrote adorable poems for me and Lyla. <3
		* https://alula.github.io/SpaceCadetPinball/
	* Natalie: started working on a personal website. share link when ready!
	* Mithuna: Had a nice outing with my friends
	* Fenn: Still alive for my exams (starts tomorrow ends Friday).
		* good news indeed!
	* Cecilia: saw palm trees at a conservatory this weekend. That is a nice one. We should have a snowland here.
		* https://comozooconservatory.org/category/como-gardens/

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* For SDK archive types: https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8627 (removing minor functionality)
	* back-end #15 & #20 
		* Mainly wants more QA checks, particularly the forgot password flow
		* Want to deploy this week so that we can test in dev

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues


## Notes
	* Natalie: onboarding update
		* Always send share recipients through old flow
		* Need to plan the deployment steps for this, probably with Jason
		* Let's plan a time for C & J & N to talk about deployments - tomorrow
	* Cecilia: mobile update
		* OAuth & sessions; C&J talked about earlier
	* Deployments, migrations, and downtimes
		* Carryover to next week's meeting as a discussion item
	* Sessions
		* C & M to talk during their 1:1 on Wednesday; maybe C & J & M to discuss

## Deployment
	* Tuesday: 
		* Migration fix (already merged; already taken effect, does not require an explicit deployment)
			* Plus a comment migration so we double check?
		* Error message change
		* Tag feature flag code removal post
		* MAYBE: session continues on token refresh
		* Explicitly not the onboarding
		* Who will deploy: Cecilia
	* Thursday:
		* backend of onboarding flow
		* MAYBE: .ged files (pending new logo file)
		* Concerns? big change, and want to do more QA
		* Who will deploy: Cecilia
