Sprint Planning
2022-03-14, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-03-07-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Mithuna
	* Jason
	* Natalie
	* Cecilia
	* Dan
	* Fenn

## Good News
	* Cecilia: Spring is springing (maybe?)
	* Jason: watched some people run yesterday!
	* Dan: I discovered.... TEXT BASED ACCOUNTING AND IT IS AMAZING.
		* https://github.com/beancount/beancount
		* https://github.com/beancount/fava
	* Mithuna: We decided on where to take nainika for her birthday
	* Natalie: Went to a concert for the first time in over 2 years💐
	* Fenn: Attended a birthday of a 1 year old this weekend. Cool to see other 1 year olds being excited about their pal.... aww nice

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/44 
		* Check it out!  Might also be useful for our session project
		* Sign up here for a working meeting: Cecilia, Fon,  Jason,Mithuna, Dan
			* Folks able to widdle this down?

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Final sprint of the quarter (wow)
	* Mobile app release
	* Since we figured out functions vs `=>` last week I'd like to propose we solve "semicolons vs no semicolons" this week.
		* (is this not covered by the airbnb style guide?) <-- the style guide is wrong :spray-bottle:
		* We are using semicolons


## Deployment
	* Do a new image build
	* Need to update releases with key:value tag note (and alert Kaitlyn)
	* Need to run S3 script; probably not in the same deployment window - maybe Wednesday or Thursday?
	* Cecilia will deploy Wednesday
	* Jason will run script on Thursday


