Sprint Planning
2022-06-21, 2:00pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-06-13-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Liam
	* Mithuna
	* Natalie
	* Fenn

## Good News
	* Mithuna: Nainika had her first ballet recital. 
	* Cecilia: First lake dip!
	* Natalie: Went to the record store and also I learned how to solve a rubik's cube thats a nice skill
	* Liam: Went to a film festival to see a friend's film debut. which one?
	* 

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Fon's race condition fix: will pair with Cecilia on Friday if not figured out before then+1
	* Organizing sprint by priority
	* Cecilia: in and out on Wednesday and Thursday this week

## Deployment
	* Natalie will do on Wednesday (thank you!)
	* Cecilia will do next week

Fon : Let me type here, since I wait for reviews on some issues, I circle through those two. Deletion and ownload names


