Sprint Planning
2022-08-08, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-07-18-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Liam
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* 

## Good News
	* Cecilia and fam are feeling much better post-covid!
	* Cecilia and other team members are back?!
	* Natalie had a good vacation
	* 

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Hotfixes:
		* Document processing
		* Error response?
			* v2 means we should not include forbidden content in error bodies (https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/258)
	* 7 weeks (including this week) left in the quarter before we all go to Albuquerque.  Let's get real on the non-upgrade KRs:
		* FusionAuth signup
			* Cecilia will do some research (though this didn't make it in this sprint)
		* Deletion
		* Directives (Stela!)
			* Liam will open a repo! (AGPL) (and will make a ticket to do so and put it in the next sprint)
		* Mobile sharing
			* Cecilia to schedule some time with the team and Kaitlyn
	* Rclone update?
		* Demo went well, this is moving forward
	* Public gallery
		* Natalie has some CSS changes to make
	* Database status
		* Appears that this is pretty close?
		* Liam's code changes, Cecilia's get-postgres-working-in-local, turn on CI, then actually do the migration
	* 

## Deployment
	* Thanks for doing this last week, Liam!
	* Cecilia will do on Weds/Thurs
		* expecting v2 response fix and possibly public gallery!

