Sprint Planning
2022-12-5, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-10-31-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	*  Cecilia
	*  Natalie
	*  Liam
	* Mithuna
	* Fon

## Good News
	*  
	*  
	*  
	* 


## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* Fon PRs
		* downloadName script is ready for re-review after Fon finishes running it in dev
	* Liam PRs
		* The one in devenv is the core of the stela work in local
	* Dependabots
		* Cecilia will do decode-uri-component across a few repos

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	*  FusionAuth
		* Cecilia will draft a response to them re the trustChallenge problem, Liam will review
		*  Liam has a possible path forward that he will open a PR for


## Deployment
Mithuna, with Cecilia assisting as necessary - Thursday

## Advent of Code

