Sprint Planning
2022-06-29, 11:30am Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-06-21-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Liam
	* Mithuna
	* Natalie
	* Fon

## Good News
	* Cecilia's baby does not have covid!
	* Austin got some rain
	* It has also been raining in AZ!
	* Defeated one of the highest ranked fencers in the kingdom for the first time on Saturday (still lost the match, it was 2 out of 3)
	* Fon: new computer!Thanks Cecilia :)

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* For vis-timeline dependabots, Natalie and Dan met to discuss them but haven't acted on them yet.

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-8096
	* Customer lost access to their own folder (Mithuna and Liam looked at this).  Archive number is null.
		* Outcome 1: set the archive number back to its previous value in the database (Liam will do)
		* 2: open an investigation ticket into how this happened - there are other folders with null archive numbers in the database (Mithuna will open)

## Deployment
Cecilia will do tomorrow (Thursday, June 30)
