Sprint Planning                          
2022-01-03, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot                          

# Purpose 
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status                         

# Outcomes
* Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work                          

# Process (Agenda)
 * Share any good news ya' got!
  * Individual Issue Items
  * Open PRs
  * Deployments
  

## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Mithuna
	* Jason
	* Natalie
	* Fenn
	* Dan

## Good News
	* Cecilia: saw friends for New Year's!
	* Mithuna: Read a book after a long long time.
	* Fenn: Made some progress with the deletion issue, the holiday was quite fun too, fun to drive on not so busy roads.
	* Jason: new laptop in production
	* Natalie: also had peaceful holiday
	* Dan: My office is ridiculous right now -- I have three screens, two keyboards, and one mouse running two compters....  But I think office changes are always good news!

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
NOT A PR, A REPO : https://github.com/PermanentOrg/probe-deleted-files/ 
	- Needs some general comments from the group, Mithuna will take a look
- https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/12 - will not change Backblaze content type as part of this work; Mithuna will open a separate ticket to do that (for the backlog since we don't serve content on the webapp from Backblaze nor do we have any plans to do so)

## Jira
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
- Dan is going to make some tickets in the new sftp github repo!


## Notes
- I've done some roadmap work and am waiting until qtrly planning happens tomorrow to fill in sprints for this quarter.
	- Overflow projects
		- New Screens for New Users (onboarding)
		- Public Gallery landing page
		- Archive Settings
		- Left hand nav
		- Cleanup etherpad auth
	- New(ish) projects
		- Session unlocking
		- Bulk Upload (rclone)
		- Move all clients to FusionAuth
		- Hyperaud.io (due Feb 1)
		- Publish node-sdk
		- Deleting files (rclone)
		- Cleanup: Upgrade Angular
		- Cleanup: profile item
- To schedule: profileItemVO design meeting and node-sdk design meeting
	- Jason and Natalie to do first pass on node-sdk
	- profileItem: Cecilia to talk to Kaitlyn first
- Jason is going to be in on Mondays and Thursdays for January
	- Dan: I should... I should absolutely figure out a schedule like this.  It isn't yet clear to me what my time with Permanent will look like this month / I pinged Karl asking to connect on that.
	
- Question: VirtualBox... eep!  (will never run on modern macs, worth a brief discussion?)
	- Natalie also has had trouble with Virtualbox (had to change BIOS settings to make it work)
	- Possibly ask Cristina about this if/when we want to work on it
	- Need to have someone actually research this and bring options back to the group.  Who do we need to optimize for?
	- Dan will let us know what he learns from his other project!

## Deployments
- May not have anything ready this week, if we do Cecilia will deploy
	- Jason will have a new ssh key
	- PER-8503 is a single CSS property change, should be ready this week
