Sprint Planning
2022-08-15, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-08-08-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* Liam
	* Maybe Dan?
	* Fon

## Good News
	* Cecilia's toddler (!) can toddleAwesome!
	* Fon: Got a lot of sleep! I did not even drive a friend drove me around!
	* Natalie: Went on a longer bike ride
	* Liam got engaged \o/ yayy!
		* WOOOOO!
	* Dan's in Martha's Vineyard (again!)

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Public gallery - Natalie has a question for Cecilia pending
	* Rclone waiting on us?
		* Special characters in download name
			* slashes break rclone (for instance)
		* Larger planning goals
			* auth?
			* scalability on down shouldn't be an issue but would be interesting to check
		* 255 seems approved; should we merge it?
			* https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/255
	* Where did things land with that v2 error message issue
		* One thought -- we could add a new "public object" field to the error object which is used to generate the response.
		* Proper validation reponses for v2 : https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues/262, Fon should sort that out this week!
		* Or fix what we send back in responses for endpoints that we update to use v2 so that we're not exposing sensitive information (but no, because all endpoints have v2 responses!)

## Deployment
	* Natalie will do Wednesday (Cecilia can do iOS manual testing as needed)
	* Liam ran some db queries to fix tags for a certain power user (and communicated with Kaitlyn about it)
