Sprint Planning
2022-06-07, 12:45pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-05-23-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Dan
	* Natalie
	* Mithuna
	* Liam

## Good News
	* Cecilia: Flowers are finally blooming
	* Mithuna: Reacquainted with an old friend
	* Liam: Weekend contained some downtime, which was nice because the past few hadn't
	* Dan: seems to not be COVID at least! (took a PCR today just to be super sure)
	* Natalie: I also do not have COVID <-- our bar may not be high BUT WE HAVE ONE!

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Marketing site outage
		* Note that WP site now has more security checks - 2fa, captcha
	* Production donations deployment
	* Carryover: deployment windows
		* We're going to keep these as they are with the understanding that we're always free to move the windows as needed
	* Cecilia to doublecheck access with Liam: New Relic, LightSail, WP admin

## Deployment
	* Cecilia to deploy on Wednesday
