Sprint Planning
2023-07-10, 11:00am Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2023-06-12-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs
    * Deployments


## Roll Call
	* Andrei
	* Natalie
	* Liam
	* Cecilia


## Good News
	* 
	* 
	* 


## Pull Requests
Non-dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+

Dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+
* Cecilia will ask Dan about permanent-sdk and sftp-service
* Natalie will do tough-cookie
* Cecilia will do sqlfluff on backend
* Liam will do grpc on notification-service and donations-firebase
* Liam will do upload-service


## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues


## Notes
	* Sentry - Cecilia to either make a project for stela or give Liam access to do so
	* SFTP update - skipping this since Dan and Fon are not here
	* S3 url change (uploads broke briefly on Android)
		* Cecilia will follow up to get more details from Flavia
	* FusionAuth issues - Andrei and Cecilia will discuss tomorrow
	* Closing KRs from last quarter. Payer and multipart upload are very close, converted files are done.
	* Is Wordpress switchover done? Cecilia will follow up with Janel.
	* Folder thumbnails
		* These are pretty good mostly, but some folders are missing thumbnails (grid of gray boxes). Logic is reasonable but not using the same priority as the front end is currently.
		* Questions: what case results in gray boxes? Regenerate those if possible. (Maybe we can just regenerate them without changing any code if the gray boxes are an old problem that's already been fixed)
		* Add the preferred thumbnail logic from the front end
		* Note that regeneration would be done by adding them to the queue (with an SNS topic?)
	* PDFs on mobile (browsers)
		* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-9301
	* Security fix
		* Note that we should rotate more keys in this pothole sprint - Cecilia will make the ticket and point to the list of keys that Liam made


## Deployment
Natalie

