Sprint Planning
2023-02-28, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2023-02-06-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Liam
	* Natalie
	* Cecilia
	* Dan
	* Fon

## Good News
	* Cecilia: vacation was extremely relaxing!+1
	* Dan: I learned about Vampire Survivors and both kids very much enjoy watching it (and I am pretty sure I'll convince my older to actually play it)
	* Fon: Having body pains from the gym which seems to be a good thing according to reports. (Workouts are working)
	* Natalie: Went on long bike ride for the first time in a while
	* Liam: Had a relaxing weekend, which is good because the last one was and the next few will be filled with excitement


## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fvis-timeline

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Signup change
		* merged the version with the token in the account object (i.e. no further web-app change)
	* Lots of tickets in this sprint! (no, just doublecounting of subtasks)
	* Rclone demo on Thursday:
		* Upload is on prod, wow! (No modification time, generally somewhat fragile)
		* Not ready for the full 100 gbs
		* Try sending a file to a folder
	* Questions:
		* Zero size files
			* there are reasons we might want to allow these
			* are there reasons not to? cost? confusion for users? (Natalie added to the cross team grooming doc for discussion)
		* Mod times (wanted to re-confirm the plan)
			* short term: for upload, rclone needs flags to indicate how to behave
			* long term: can we add a new attribute to the original file `modification_time`?
				* Note we don't have any way to modify files through Permanent
				* SFTP would make two calls: upload then "update mod time" immediately after (to the local mod time)
					* does Amazon have some kind of metadata on the file already?
					* there's some kind of "last modified" information in the UI - where does that come from? Maybe it's metadata on the record, darn. In general we're confused about the dates that are displayed on items in the UI!
			* Outcome: we're okay with keeping the flag for now and the todo is to document the planx
	* Storybook ticket (so that points reporting this sprint is more accurate) + "Finish front end directives" ticket
	* For demo: Fon will come up with a folder for VIP to download and then upload into (i.e. one without errors)
	* Certain records have permission errors on download urls - we will document the ones we know about but otherwise ignore this as a legacy data issue

## Deployment
Cecilia's turn - likely Weds (will include a minor version change to SDK)
