Sprint Planning
2023-01-30, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2023-01-23-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Natalie
	* Cecilia
	* Liam
	* Dan
	* Fon 

## Good News
	* Sun has returned to the Twin Cities
	* Southern California got some rain
	* Our kids have bunk beds now hoorayyyy


## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* Natalie will do final json5 and web-app dependabot
	* Cecilia will do notification-service and other cookiejar fixes
	* Liam will do donations-firebase
	* Liam needs review on stela #7 most urgently


## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* rclone demo this Friday
		* What can we do to support?
			* review and quick deploy for bugfixes: duplicate returns, differentiating files and folders, the weird hanging behavior
			* Moving deploy window to Thursday morning so if something goes wrong there's a little more time to fix them. Dan's goal is to have stuff merged by Wednesday, then!
	* 

## Deployment
Liam (planning Thursday morning)
