Sprint Planning
2023-02-21, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2023-02-06-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Natalie
	* Liam
	* 

## Good News
	* 
	* 


## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fvis-timeline

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-9167 - we talked with Kaitlyn about this a few weeks ago. It has become a little more urgent because of a grant/partnership opportunity, so ideally we'd get it done before a March 1 deadline.
	* Assuming our point goal for this sprint is ~17 points

## Deployment
	* Natalie: make sure to test out welcome email setup with Kaitlyn before going all the way to prod (needs https://permanent.atlassian.net/browse/PER-9172), BUT note that at the moment we only send info to mailchimp on prod, so testing this ahead of time requires a local change to remove that condition. Aiming for Thursday
