Sprint Planning
2023-04-03, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2023-03-27-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* Liam
	* 
	* Dan



## Good News
	* Dan: We went on a babymoon! There were sheep outside of our room!
	* Cecilia: it is warming up here (despite recent blizzard)
	* Fon : It's rainy season, my favorite season. It would be for like 7 months!
	* Natalie: went to a cycling event this weekend
	* Dan (round 2): My very exciting news is I built the 2023 april fools for slack... it's a ChatGPT proxy
	* Liam: made finals in a baronial rapier tournament

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fvis-timeline
- Notification service needs a new version of node and something else (we don't know what yet)

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* New time for this meeting? Considering 9 PT/ noon ET / 5 Limbe / 7 Timisoara
	* Fon is working on QA repo
	* Dan suggests that we come up with the "when are we done?" list on Thursday


## Deployment
Natalie - Weds or Thurs
