Sprint Planning
2023-05-30, 11:00am Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot 

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2023-05-22-midsprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs
    * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Andrei
	* Natalie
	* Dan
	* Liam
	* Cecilia

## Good News
	* Liam was at an SCA camping event over the weekend, there was great swordfighting and bardic activity to be had, and the weather was wonderful
	* Cecilia has visitors, hurray
	* Dan: we swam in an incredibly cold pool yesterday!  I think I managed to show a strong face for the kids...
	* 

## Pull Requests
Non-dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+

Dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* SFTP checkin
		* S3 multipart upload in progress, near done
		* Next is throttling calls from SFTP to Permanent API
		* Then refresh token changes
		* Performance testing: all results except the current test are in the spreadsheet for Karl to review; current one should be in by Thursday too
	* QA plan
		* In general: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fgf3NTMVER3lLG0ezJxalGcAhrm_hsg-muiX6cB-xWw/edit
		* For legacy planning
			* Ask for QA on the directives-only part on dev now
			* Legacy contact QA-able on dev next Tuesday (June 6)
		* For other open PRs
	* Legacy planning on prod timeline
		* Associated goals for this week?
	* Tickets for this sprint:
		* Count tickets in PR as half points (~6 points)
		* Move multipart upload forward
			* But wait, is it in PR?
		* Other carryovers = 8 in-progress points
		* Can then pick up 14 more points for 28 total
			* Sent forward all front-end storage changes
	* Next sprint is last sprint of the quarter
		* Options for what to include (to bring to staff meeting): search by tag in public archive, more of archive storage (at least gifting), SFTP-related tickets (deletion, MFA, improved errors), onboarding changes, clearing dates
	* AWS tag change - probably doesn't affect us, easy to fix if it does

For more discussion:
	* Dev branch instead of deploying features separately to dev?

## Deployment
Liam - planning to deploy today
