Sprint Planning
2024-01-16

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously

# Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs
    * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* Liam

## Good News (hobby updates)
	* Really cold but at least sunny
	* Natalie got a Steam Deck
	* Played a game of [Root](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/237182/root) yesterday

## Pull Requests
Non-dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+
- Question to discuss on https://github.com/PermanentOrg/web-app/pull/343
- We can merge the Mixpanel ones

Dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+
- Cecilia will do sftp-service
- Natalie will do upload-service
- Liam will do backend
- permanent-sdk next sprint with other SDK work
- web-app as part of Angular upgrade

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues


## Notes
	* Planning to do prod FA upgrade this afternoon


## Pairing
	* Pair / Group Review?

## Deployment
Natalie - Weds


