Sprint Planning
2024-03-04

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously

# Process (Agenda)
    * Share any good news ya' got!
    * Individual Issue Items
    * Open PRs
    * Deployments

## Roll Call
	* Cecilia
	* Natalie
	* Andrei
	* Liam

## Good News (hobby updates)

## Pull Requests
Non-dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+-author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+

Dependabots: https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fep_permanent_exporter+author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues


## Notes
	* Member removal email - are we waiting on anything to merge that?
		* Just QA for the email sending itself; Kaitlyn might need help
	* Schedule another mob session
	* Has anyone dockerized a Mongo db?
	* Cecilia to check on status of MFA design for Andrei
	* Carousel discussion
		* This could be quite a bit of work, carousel or no - we need to put a list of featured images somewhere and access it
		* Was the carousel specifically requested? Cecilia doesn't think so

## Pairing
	* Mob time
	* Mongo dockerization
	* Archivematica deploy to staging (!)
	* Folder caching - maybe better in future

## Deployment
	* Natalie - maybe Weds

