Sprint Planning
2022-05-02, 2:30pm Central
Hosted on Jitsi at https://meet.jit.si/CleanSystemsPopNot

# Purpose
Engineering team gets in sync on this week's goals and this sprint's status

# Outcomes
        * Review current status of some active tickets involved in recent work

# Previously
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/meta/blob/main/meetings/2022-04-25-sprint-planning.txt

# Process (Agenda)
        * Share any good news ya' got!
        * Individual Issue Items
        * Open PRs
        * Deployments
        
## Roll Call
	* Jason
	* Natalie
	* Mithuna
	* Fenn
	* Dan

## Good News
	* Sunny on Saturday and I read a book THIS REMINDS ME THAT BOOKS ARE A THING!!!
		* You've inspired me to go outside and read in my hammock this week at some point.
	* We had guest over and we enjoyed the company. 
	* Fenn: Finally settled in Limbe!
	* Natalie: I went to the Musical Instrument Museum in Phoenix
		* https://mim.org/
		* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwae1ObsB5Y
	* Dan: Had a really nice "dad + Emmie" day with my youngest -- we went biking / she was in the bike trailer and then we hung out and played by a local river / saw geese.  I SAW MY FIRST WOOD DUCK IN PERSON and I'm so excited about it.ðŸŽ‰
		* https://www.audubon.org/news/how-build-wood-duck-nest-box <-- picture of a wood duck pair top of this page so pretty

## Pull Requests
https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3APermanentOrg+draft%3Afalse+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-android+-repo%3APermanentOrg%2Fpermanent-ios
	* In particular: https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/pull/114

## Tickets
https://permanent.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/PER/boards/3
	* Natalie to make Angular 12 & 13 stories
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/sftp-service/issues
https://github.com/PermanentOrg/back-end/issues

## Notes
	* Carryover from last week:
		* Debian upgrade
			* On Dan's plan for this week
		* "fix as we touch" changes for back-end - docs / PR template
			* On Dan's plan for this week
		* Sentry error policy proposal
			* Cecilia out today; carry over to next week
	* Security issue
		* #114
			* Natalie, help figure out web-app functionality that uses these endpoints
			* Mithuna, to review PR
		* Jason has more
	* Fon is paring with Dan tomorrow on : https://github.com/PermanentOrg/permanent-sdk/pull/24
		* modeling VOs - let's start by only giving type definitions to properties that we know we care about
	* Fon and Jason hanging on for a few minutes after the call
	* An error I encountered an issue loading my browser
		* https://sentry.io/organizations/permanentorg/issues/3236197024/?project=3663562&query=is%3Aunresolved
		* Dan will take a look!
		* I am still having the issue.

## Deployment
	* Today, hopefully
	* Mithuna will do
	* 
	* 
	* Probably Wed/Thur too
